Add publish script (#450)
filecoin-station/spark-evaluate: README.md

```bash
$ git push
```

## Publish

> Publish a new version of `spark-evaluate` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish a new version of `@filecoin-station/spark-evaluate`:
```
